Separate UWM and core platform monitoring (part 1) (#83854)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-about-specifying-limits-and-requests-for-monitoring-components.adoc

// * observability/monitoring/configuring-the-monitoring-stack.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

> // The final solution DOES NOT NEED separate IDs, it is just needed for now so that the tests will not break

Reviewer: Can you use a different phrase here? _Final solution_ has a direct connection to the Holocaust. I now it is just a comment, 

```suggestion
// The ultimate solution DOES NOT NEED separate IDs, it is just needed for now so that the tests will not break
```

Author: Omg really? I am so sorry, I did not know the English phrase for that :cry:  Thank you for letting me know!

// tag::CPM[]
[id="about-specifying-limits-and-requests-for-monitoring-components-cpm_{context}"]
= About specifying limits and requests for core monitoring components
// end::CPM[]

// tag::UWM[]
[id="about-specifying-limits-and-requests-for-monitoring-components-uwm_{context}"]
= About specifying limits and requests for monitoring components for user-defined projects
// end::UWM[]

// tag::CPM[]

> You can configure resource limits and request settings for the following core platform monitoring components:

Reviewer: I see this is existing text; but I think this is the more common usage:

```suggestion
You can configure resource limits and requests for the following components that monitor user-defined projects:
```

* Alertmanager
* kube-state-metrics
* monitoring-plugin
* node-exporter
* openshift-state-metrics
* Prometheus
* Metrics Server
* Prometheus Operator and its admission webhook service
* Telemeter Client
* Thanos Querier
// end::CPM[]

// tag::UWM[]

> You can configure resource limits and request settings for the following components that monitor user-defined projects:

Reviewer: I see this is existing text; but I think this is the more common usage:

```suggestion
You can configure resource limits and requests for the following components that monitor user-defined projects:
```
